{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red9\green9\blue9;\red42\green49\blue64;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c3137\c3137\c3137;\cssrgb\c21569\c25490\c31765;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs107\fsmilli53940 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Analytics Data Engineer, Applied Engineering\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Applied AI Engineering - San Francisco\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/fc5bbc77-a30c-4e7a-9acc-8a2e748545b4/application"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30\fsmilli15140 \cf3 \cb2 Apply now\cb1 \
\
\cb2 (opens in a new window)\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sa496\partightenfactor0

\fs82\fsmilli41410 \cf2 About the team\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa540\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 The Applied team works across research, engineering, product, and design to bring OpenAI\'92s technology to consumers and businesses.\
We seek to learn from deployment and distribute the benefits of AI, while ensuring that this powerful tool is used responsibly and safely. Safety is more important to us than unfettered growth.\
About the role:\
We're seeking a Data Engineer to take the lead in building our data pipelines and core tables for OpenAI. These pipelines are crucial for powering analyses, safety systems that guide business decisions, product growth, and prevent bad actors. If you're passionate about working with data and are eager to create solutions with significant impact, we'd love to hear from you. This role also provides the opportunity to collaborate closely with the researchers behind ChatGPT and help them train new models to deliver to users. As we continue our rapid growth, we value data-driven insights, and your contributions will play a pivotal role in our trajectory. Join us in shaping the future of OpenAI!\
In this role, you will:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Design, build and manage our data pipelines, ensuring all user event data is seamlessly integrated into our data warehouse.
\fs32 \cf4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Develop canonical datasets to track key product metrics including user growth, engagement, and revenue.
\fs32 \cf4 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Work collaboratively with various teams, including, Infrastructure, Data Science, Product, Marketing, Finance, and Research to understand their data needs and provide solutions.
\fs32 \cf4 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Implement robust and fault-tolerant systems for data ingestion and processing.
\fs32 \cf4 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Participate in data architecture and engineering decisions, bringing your strong experience and knowledge to bear.
\fs32 \cf4 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ensure the security, integrity, and compliance of data according to industry and company standards.
\fs32 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa540\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 You might thrive in this role if you:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Have 3+ years of experience as a data engineer and 8+ years of any software engineering experience(including data engineering).
\fs32 \cf4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Proficiency in at least one programming language commonly used within Data Engineering, such as Python, Scala, or Java.
\fs32 \cf4 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Experience with distributed processing technologies and frameworks, such as Hadoop, Flink and distributed storage systems (e.g., HDFS, S3).
\fs32 \cf4 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Expertise with any of ETL schedulers such as Airflow, Dagster, Prefect or similar frameworks.
\fs32 \cf4 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Solid understanding of Spark and ability to write, debug and optimize Spark code.\'a0
\fs32 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa540\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 This role is exclusively based in our San Francisco HQ. We offer relocation assistance to new employees.\
About OpenAI\
OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.\'a0\
We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa540\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 OpenAI Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement}}\
For US Based Candidates: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.\
We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241"}}{\fldrslt \ul link}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa540\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa540\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Compensation\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 $245K \'96 $385K + Offers Equity\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/fc5bbc77-a30c-4e7a-9acc-8a2e748545b4/application"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30\fsmilli15140 \cf3 \cb2 Apply now\cb1 \
\
}}}